Everyone, and welcome back in this lecture, we'll create our first child, C++ class, deriving from
our own base class that we've created previously.
We'll be starting with our porn tank.
So let's start by going to our porn Spoda inside of the C++ directory.
Right.
Click on the porn base and select create C++ class derived from.
We'll rename this one to porn that tank and doublecheck to ensure that we've placed this correctly in
our porn's folder.
I'm of that done that we can select to create class.
Now when this is done compiling, as I've mentioned previously at the time of recording this, there's
a problem in the engine when creating child classes, if they're placed in a custom folder structure.
So in this case, not having all of the classes in the base tune tanks folder.
So just here, if you're getting this error warning in the recent versions of the engine, then just
click no.
If you're using the slightly older versions, I think four point twenty three and below will probably
be fine.
But just click.
Now, if you are getting this as we won't need more details on this as it's just a misdirect include
issue, then to fix this, we're just going to want to open our porn based class.
If you don't already have your I.D. open, if you do, then just navigate over to your code.
Files were then going to navigate to our new porn tank header and code file and open both of these.
So the problem that we're actually having is in the head of file just here.
And that's the inclusion of the Poons folder in the include path.
So we can easily fix this by either simply assessing it just to pawn base Dr. Page, which would have
been the original way this was included.
Or we can include the entire path, including the project.
Now, I'm just going to opt for the shorter version here.
But once this continues to be an issue, I just wanted to mention both of the options.
As you may see, both of these implemented elsewhere on the Internet.
Then if we go back into the engine and recompile this, we should now get a successful build just to
make sure and kind of confirm that that was the only problem that we're seeing.
Also note that the new class will not appear in your ED until the next restart.
That's not gonna be a problem in this case as we can just focus our attention on the idea implementations.
When I back over in the porn tank had, the first thing we want to do is to declare our private and
public sections so that we can easily drop things into our correct sections here as we go along.
And we'll grab a protected section in just a moment.
So don't worry about that one for now.
And then in the public section, we need to declare our constructor.
We're also going to be using the tech begin play and set up a player input component in this class so
we can take this opportunity to save a little bit of time implementing these and also tidying up the
parent class at the same time as I know that we're not going to be using these in the base class.
So let's go over to the base class and we'll cut those declarations and then paste them back into the
tank header.
Also, be sure to delete them from the base.
Had a file as well.
If you didn't cut these and only copied them.
We'll also want to include the implementation so we can take those from the base class code file.
Again, remembering to completely cut these from the code file.
And then, of course, just make sure to replace any reference to a porn base with a porn tank.
So now we're going to start adding those tank specific or the player class specific components.
The first thing we're going to need is our spring, um, as this is going to be the kind of root of
the new components here as the camera will be sitting on the spring arm to allow us to get that kind
of full control.
So your challenge here will be to do that for both of the components, adding both of these in, as
we've done all of this before in the base class.
You can just reference the implementation there if you do get stuck.
I also have all of the hints that you need on screen, so pulls the video and give this one a go.
Okay, so we already know how to forward declare a class.
We've seen this before.
This is just dumb by saying class, followed by the class that you need a reference to in the header
file.
So in this case, we're going to use class.
You spring on component and also class you camera component for the two new types of components that
we'll be using in here.
Next, I've asked you to declare pointers to the components in the private section with the names spring
arm and the camera, and we can do that like so linking the names sensibly with the component types.
The final step could be the one that might have seemed the most difficult if you've not seen the specifiers
often or forgotten the exact kind of syntax.
But just remember, as I said, you can reference everything in the pawn base implementation.
That's because we're actually going to be using the exact same implementation here.
So I'll copy and paste these over.
Then if we compare the challenge sheets, we have our visible anywhere.
We've defined them to be Blueprint Read-Only.
And we're using these same components category with our private matter specify just to ensure that this
is available in the private section.
Then our final step will be to create these in our code file.
So to start, we want to provide the includes which are the game framework forward slash springform
component dot h.
And our camera forward slash camera component deitsch.
One thing I just wanted to quickly mention here, I know that finding the include path has been covered
in the previous sections, but there have been some improvements to the documentation that I just wanted
to mention.
So one of the easiest way to find the include path now is to just Google the specific component or class
you're looking for in full.
So, for example, here you spring on components in Google due to the unique naming convention, the
official documentation front row is usually going to be the first search results returned, then inside
of the documentation.
EPIC have now moved the exact include path to the top of the documentation where this used to be provided
in long form at the bottom of the documentation.
So we would have not normally had to have remember to remove everything after a certain part of the
path.
After the updates though, when I provided just the exact include path that we need, which is going
to be super useful if you ever forget the include path, because they're gonna be a lot of them to remember
off the top of your head.
So I just wanted to mention that as it's a nice little update that's been made and things may be looking
a little bit different in the documentation's compared to the last time you may have had this covered.
Okay, so now that we have our includes, we can begin creating our components.
Also, remember that we've declared our constructor, but we haven't yet implemented it.
So for that, we just need our APEN tank accessor.
And then April and tank brackets and of course, closing that off with the double parentheses if we
start by creating our spring.
Um, first of all, of course, that's just going to be our spring arm equals to create default sub
object passing in the type you spring up component.
And then we'll just set the text to call this one spring on.
We can unset the attachment to the root components.
We do not want this to follow any of the base mesh or turret movement.
If we added anything nice.
So we're gonna set this to the root component, which remember is the capsule collider, which we've
defined in our parent class.
And then the camera will say camera equals to create default sub object passing in the correct type,
which here will be the U.
Camera component.
And again, we'll set the text to camera.
We don't want to set the attachment of the camera to be attached to the spring on.
And this will give us control over the things like the distance of the camera from the player.
And also allowing collision checks and camera like and much more that we'll be looking at in more of
the edit a portion of the section with those changes made.
When I'm ready to go back over to the editor to recompile this and check for errors again, we need
to restart the project anyway.
So it's the perfect time to do this hit, compile and confirm that everything has been successful.
And then with that done, we're good to go.
I'm ready for the next topic.